## What are SVG?
- SVG stands for Scalable Vector Graphics.
- SVG defines vector-based graphics in XML format.
- SVG is a W3C recommendation.

## What are the advantages of SVG over Images?
Advantages of using SVG over other image formats (like JPEG and GIF) are:

- SVG images can be created and edited with any text editor
- SVG images can be searched, indexed, scripted, and compressed
- SVG images are scalable
- SVG images can be printed with high quality at any resolution
- SVG images are zoomable
- SVG graphics do NOT lose any quality if they are zoomed or resized


## Rules and Knowledge?
- An SVG image begins with an <svg> element. That means to draw any circle the circle must wrap to the svg element.
- The stroke and stroke-width attributes control how the outline of a shape appears. We set the outline of the circle to a 4px green "border"


## Understanding <path> Element?
The <path> element is used to define a path.
Example is present at grid.html file.
The following commands are available for path data:

M = moveto: Cursor ko knha se move krna h
L = lineto: L for Line.
H = horizontal lineto
V = vertical lineto
C = curveto
S = smooth curveto
Q = quadratic Bézier curve
T = smooth quadratic Bézier curveto
A = elliptical Arc
Z = closepath: Agar last point se start point join krna ho to z use kar lo

Example:
<path d="M20,40 L80,40" stroke="blue"></path> <!-- Creates single line -->
<path d="M20,40 L80,40 L80,70" stroke="blue"></path> <!-- Creates single line from (20,40) to (80,40) then to (80,70) -->